# Feedback

This is design feedback provided on May 26, 2022.

This is a data-intensive application. Keeping the data in
sync in it and the database will likely be the biggest
obstacle to finishing it. The second largest obstacle is the
cool drag-and-drop interface. You may want to have a GHI
back-up plan if the drag-and-drop thing just doesn't pan out
for you.

This seems to be a comprehensive design overall. Nicely
done. I feel like **I** could actually work on this from
what I see in the documentation.

## APIs

Nicely documented!

Your edit comment can likely just be at
`/api/comments/<int:pk>/` because if `pk` is a primary key,
then you don't need the context of the `pk` of the build.
the same goes for "Detail comments" and "Delete comments".

## Data model

Your data model currently has these limitations. Make sure
they match your intent.

- Only one GPU per build
- Only one "ram" per build: does "ram" mean a stick or a
  product grouping of sticks?

Since you have `build_name` in comments and `Rating` refers
to it, then you don't need `build_name` in rating. Instead,
it can be inferred from the relationship.

I think you're going to need more data for your
`Motherboard`, like number of RAM slots, number of M2 slots,
etc. You may want some kind of `Slot` value object that
describes the different kinds of slots and, then, have a
many-to-many relationship between `Motherboard` and `Slot`.

## GHI

These are nicely documented.

## Integrations

Hello, ear of corn.

Okay, you mention a "web harvester". You need to identify
the Web sites from which you will harvest your product data.

---

We are now using only one specific motherboard.
Scrape for one part at a time
one everything
work with the detail pages first

---

Top down view is a hefty stretch goal.

Comments, ratings - Should users be able to update comments and ratings?

User table - be cautious about how it is implemented and stored

Build data model - Be careful about many to many relationships. Think about how to capture that data.
Brand is probably not going to be unique.

Search bar - Could be a very difficult thing to implement
